# Air-Thief---CanSat
The Air Thief team consists of 5 members from Akademeia High School. We formed a team as we believed the CanSat competition is a one-time experience that will allow us to polish our skills as well as gain newfound skills from the process. We came up with the idea of creating the Air Thief - a satellite that would be able to collect air from an altitude of 2km, which can be later sampled for microbes. Throughout the competition, we have brainstormed how we will achieve this, as well as have gained partners such as Adamed, Cloudferro, JLCPCB, CubicInch and Thorium Space Technology, who see great potential in our work and are willing to support us with their resources.

The aim of our project is proving that microbes exist at high altitudes  - more specifically 1-2 km into our troposphere. We want to build a satellite that is able to collect air samples from high altitudes. These samples would be then filtered in order to get rid of any contaminants leaving only the desired microbes in between the filters. Additionally, the results of our experiment, apart from promoting the idea that life is possible on other planets than Earth, could help understand better the life cycle of bacteria here on Earth. Painting a big picture of growth and needs of simple microbiological organisms could help us understand how to fight the harmful ones and how to effectively make use of neutral or beneficial organisms.

One of our main objectives is to make project an open-source - this means we want all of our work to be available online to potentially benefit similar projects in the future. Moreover, it makes following our project easier than ever. Below you will be able to view and download all of our projects. This is the purpose of our GitHub page.

